with Joe Rogan as my partner we sold out
in 12 hours zero to 60 million how step
one
it was [__] wild Aubry Marcus the man
who built and sold on it with Joe Rogan
one of the fastest growing Human
Performance companies in America her
mother was a professional tennis player
my father was a Pioneer and that was the
driving desire it's like my parents were
big I know I can be big and I was
frustrated because nothing was happening
there were so many failures and I really
thought like I'm just never gonna
succeed but I think the key moment for
me was what Joe Rogan said I can meet
you 30 minutes for coffee I was starting
a supplement company I went to Joe what
supplement would you like the most I'm
gonna make the best one that's ever been
made that was the pivotal moment that
changed everything Alpha Brain I really
felt like I didn't want to do anything
without it we sold out of that product
in 12 hours we could barely keep it in
stock from zero to 60 million we were I
think 500 fastest growing company over
the next four years I mean I couldn't
have designed a fantasy better
but it comes with a cost right
in that moment I realized like I'm not
gonna fly into a fit of rage and hurt
somebody
you can see how much it still affects me
what happened
before this episode starts I have a
small favor to ask from you two months
ago 74 of people that watch this channel
didn't subscribe we're now down to 69 my
goal is 50 so if you've ever liked any
of the videos we've posted if you like
this channel can you do me a quick favor
and hit the Subscribe button it helps
this channel more than you know and the
bigger the channel gets as you've seen
the bigger the guests get thank you and
enjoy this episode
[Music]
Aubry
when I
read through your story and a lot of
people's story what I tend to see is a
series of almost dominoes that have
fallen to make the person who they are
today that sign in front of me can you
take me to the first Domino that you
think was significant
um in your life that fell to make the
man that I see sat in front of me today
that I've spent the last couple of days
learning and researching about
I mean the first Domino is my mother
giving birth to me of course right like
it starts from the drop it starts and we
can't ignore all of the things that
happen at Birth that have nothing to do
with us and I was super blessed my
mother was a professional tennis player
went to the semi-finals of Wimbledon
lost to Billie Jean King like legit
professional tennis player my father was
a Commodities Trader and he was a
Pioneer in his field so he was actually
kind of stretching what the market and
what the world understood about Futures
Trading he's written up in a book called
Market Wizards they split up really
early and so I got two more parents my
stepmother was a naturopathic doctor who
worked with a lot of the NBA basketball
teams and the Lakers in the 80s the
Knicks in the 90s the heat in the 2000s
but from the naturopathic side not
within the team aspect of it
and then my stepfather was a SWAT team
squad officer just big badass Burly man
and from all of those sources I got
models of greatness I got models of
really
testing yourself to see what you're
capable of and I think that's like the
foundation of what I was and then
there's my grandmother who inspired this
like craving desire for knowledge just
to learn about the world
and I think the key moment for me with
all of that framework with my parents
that craving for knowledge instilled by
my grandmother my grandmother's tattooed
on my arm actually and then I go and do
my first psychedelic medicine Journey
After High School when I'm 18 years old
and I really feel like I wanna
find knowledge and then be able to
distribute that to the world in an
interesting way I wanted to build my own
in Legacy so to speak and in that first
psychedelic medicine ceremony I felt my
body disappear and I felt what I could
only call Consciousness or maybe even
use the word Soul even though I wasn't
religious at all so I didn't believe in
Souls but I felt something come online
and that was kind of the the Genesis of
me being where I am now even though that
doesn't have a lot to do with all my
business accomplishments and anything
else it's just this desire to be great
because it was modeled for me in the
parents that I had this thirst and quest
for knowledge that quest for knowledge
turned inward with the Psychedelic
medicine Journey so I was looking inside
that's the field of psychonautics which
is really the field that I'm the most
passionate about psychonautics the
exploration of the inner aspects the
inner Cosmos of Who We Are
and then offering what I learn out to
the world and sometimes that comes out
in the form of products and practices
and workout equipment and supplements
like with the company on it that I
started sometimes it's with a podcast or
a poem or a story and uh yeah that's
probably one way to look at who is Aubry
Marcus if you were to draw a circle
around all of those products the content
the podcast on it and you'll current
Mission today through all of the work
you're doing what is the similar what is
the mission there if I had asked you if
I asked you right now what is your
mission
in life
what would it be
if you would have asked me
I don't know 15 years ago it would have
been just to make a big impact I just
want to be big I want to be big my
parents were big I know I can be big I
feel it in me I feel like there's
something big that's supposed to emerge
right and I was frustrated because
nothing was happening and so I found in
my company and I created on it and then
things started to get big I started my
podcast things started to get big I
wrote my book things started to get
bigger and that was the driving desire
right it was actually and yes I wanted
it to be for the good of all I've always
felt very connected to everybody else
and recognized that you sitting across
from me right here you're just me living
a different life right like we're all
part of the same source of life itself
so I did always have this belief like I
want to contribute to the greater good
of all as one of my teachers Don Howard
said para el bien de todos for the good
of all so that was was always there but
it was a lot more about me it was a lot
more about me being big
if I'm being honest and now right now
some of that's removed it's like I've a
I've accomplished that thing where it's
like Aubry has made his Mark but that
doesn't even matter anymore now I look
out at the whole world and I say all
right world what do you need and what do
you need from Aubry like what can Aubry
do to help you the most like I hear you
like I know that you're hurting and I
know that you're beautiful you're
beautiful in every way and what can I do
to actually serve the world in the best
way possible and that's the that's the
mission man
your parents breaking up at two years
old
was that significant for you in
hindsight you look back as an adult it
was that significant moment
the ramifications of that were
incredibly significant because it
brought in my stepmother and my
stepfather into the constellation of my
family so
there could be very few things that were
more significant than that as I had four
models of parent rather than two and
with four I was able to get a much more
well-rounded approach like the
difference between my father and my
stepfather were immense what were these
differences well my father was
an incredibly
acute and attuned intellectual
philosopher a thinker you know he was
able to actually analyze a logician he
was able to analyze the world in this
very kind of philosophical way and it
helped shape my mind in that way my
stepfather brought that bare energy of
what it is to be a man the physicality
he was always the best to play with as a
kid too because of course you want to
play with the bear they know how to roll
around and laugh and tell stories and
you sit on their shoulders and you go
climbing around and and it's not that
either both parent didn't have a little
bit of that but they were very different
archetypes and so my understanding about
what it means to be a man included so
many different things it included the
eloquence of being able to write poetry
and solve problems and play Scrabble and
play chess and it involved also Brute
Force wrestling and playing and telling
stories and standing you know standing
as a hero against that didn't serve you
know and and so with two models of
father
I got to actually
have a much more well-rounded kind of
idea of what it meant to be a man was
there lessons that you had to unlearn
from that of course yeah I mean you
don't learn just the positive aspects of
your parents you learn the negative
aspects of your parents too you those
those are learned in
in ways that your mind can't even
comprehend so things that my dad was
stressed about I find myself being
stressed about because I transmitted
this kind of General sense of worry
about things so I've had to unlearn
those aspects of worry my father also
you know
was want to fly into fits of Rage at a
certain point
I remember one time
this is a very like
very important story in my own
trajectory
because my father when he would get
angry he would start he would just yell
you know just like he would just erupt
and
um
it was early and early after I started
on it and it's probably 2013 2014 and we
had a smaller office then not the
smallest office it was the second
biggest office that we had
and I had my own office and I was in
there and I was filming a video and it
was an important video for me to film
and we had a kind of front desk customer
service person also in the office who
was handling emails customer service
things and also handling anybody coming
in the door
something came up where she
started knocking on the door well I
didn't know it was her that was knocking
on the door I didn't really know who was
knocking on the door I was just trying
to film a video and back then we didn't
have a bunch of video editors so it
wasn't like we weren't able to just stop
I had to kind of hit it in one take you
know we didn't have the tech resources
then so I'm like five minutes into this
take I'm killing it and the knock comes
and then a second knock and then a third
knock and finally by the third knock I
couldn't ignore it anymore I was
throwing me off a mental track and I
just started yelling like what what is
it you what the [__] do you want you
know like one of those moments where I
just got really angry
and then I hear like I'm sorry
and I was like oh man that was that was
our front desk girl it was just a
sweetheart like absolute sweetheart like
the sweetest
and and I like
take a deep breath and I like open the
door
and I walk out there and she's crying in
her desk
in that moment I realized like I'm not
going to do that ever again like I'm not
going to do that [__]
I'm not gonna fly into a fit of rage and
hurt somebody you know I want like I
won't and
you can see how much it still affects me
you know because
that was the point that that pattern
broke for me and it's not that not that
I haven't gotten mad since then or
whatever but never like that
you know and there's something else in
me it's like no never again because I
saw her and I saw what I did
and of course I apologize and but that's
where I stopped that lineage
transmission and said it stops with me
where did that
lineal transmission start
in your father
did you ever figure that out
yeah with it with his father
you know I mean it I don't know how far
it went back I mean I don't have a
strong genealogical tree I didn't even
get to meet either of my grandfathers
actually but uh I've heard the stories
you know I heard the stories of that my
dad did the best to kind of shed as much
of the trauma that he could shed so he
would pass on as little as possible to
me and he did his best and and he was
actually the one that encouraged me to
go on my own psychedelic medicine
Journey because that was one of the
tools that he used to try and actually
change who he is
so that he could be better for me and be
better for the world and he did he did a
great job you know compared to the
stories of my grandfather to him he did
a amazing job and it was my job to clean
up the rest and that's what I'm in the
process of doing is cleaning up the rest
so that when I have my son Huxley is
going to be his name you know of course
Source willing that that we have a we
have a child
I don't want to pass any of that on I
just want to pass the Legacy a new fresh
fresh Legacy like fresh powder on a on a
mountain you know like Fresh Tracks a
legacy of love a legacy of support a
legacy of like I'm here son
and also you're so much more powerful
than you think you are and let me show
you and bring him through all of the
initiations the sweat lodges the cold
mountains like I've climbed with Wim Hof
the when he's old enough the medicine
Journeys bring him through this path of
initiation but the whole way just love
love love the whole way where that never
wavers so he's not trying to prove
something to me so that he can get me to
love him he knows that I love him are
you speaking about a younger version of
yourself and your father when you say
that about that approval of course of
course have you got an example of when
you realize that you would you were
following that pattern
I mean the examples most of my whole
life right like
am I doing it right am I doing it right
Dad
you know am I doing it good enough dad
is it was the subconscious dialogue that
I've been in for a long time now
it's it was my father first
you know so that my father was Dad so my
Michael Marcus represented that image of
dad but
it would transfer to other people it
could transfer to a mentor it could
transfer to a partner it could transfer
to a boss and I would put this kind of
approval seeking desire on them they
would be the surrogate father and I
would be trying to show them how good I
am and and then then they would love me
just like when I scored 25 points in a
basketball game my dad was all [__]
love and happy and when I scored you
know seven points and had a bad shooting
night
it's not that he didn't love me but it
felt like he didn't love me because he
was just quiet and Sullen and I was
quiet and Silent in all of the all of
the love felt like it had been sucked
out of the room like a vacuum
right so I learned and that's just one
example of many different ways that I
learned that if you perform well you're
loved and if you don't you're not loved
what's this ping pong story
yeah
well that was that was just one of the
moments that my father just flew into
rage you know so I was four years old
and my father was playing ping pong and
he mishit a ball it hit off the corner
of the paddle flew up into the into the
stratosphere basically because he was
trying to hit a smash and I go home run
I'm just a kid and I was like I thought
that was a funny thing to say but for my
father he was so locked in this intense
competition which of course didn't
matter he's not like in the ping pong
World Championships it was in his house
and later he started yelling at me from
like for saying that during his
ping-pong match because it threw him off
his game or whatever whatever it was
so
moments like that really made me kind of
aware to the point of being scared about
what I was saying and so
it gave me and as I said before like one
of the stoic mindsets is everything that
happens to you happens for you why did
it happen for you I look at that story
now and say
okay at that moment I realized that I
have to be very mindful of everything I
say when I say it because there's
drastic consequences if I don't what
does that make me do it makes me a very
good listener it makes me a very good
communicator
it allows me to understand how my words
could be perceived what if what a gift
that's my superpower thanks Dad
but it comes with a call still
superpowers right of course and the cost
was
and sometimes still is
less now I have to be you know have to
be honest and not claim a false humility
but
sometimes still is but the cost is like
you're not present you're not really
present if you're thinking all the time
about every different way that what you
say could be perceived by somebody else
and you're going through these
hypothetical scenarios in your brain
about the hypothetical conversations
about if they took that the wrong way
how you would respond and what you'd
explain it's mentally exhausting
and anxious you know and it's I live so
much in my life playing out a million
different scenarios about every single
thing that I said and how that could be
interpreted and as I said like I'm
mostly free of that but every once in a
while for a text that matters I'll look
at it and I'll see like like nine
different ways that that thing could be
interpreted the wrong way and then I
have to manually like with manual
override of my own Consciousness be like
it's all good they know you they love
you they're not going to take any of
these different interpretations and then
abandon you or get mad at you or
anything like that
this process you describe starts
um according to all of the therapists
and child trauma experts I've spoken to
with something called awareness
and that kind of allows you to take on
the challenge but there's a lot of
people that are living unaware of the um
puppet master in the back room that's
pulling the strings
what has made you aware
I mean everybody has their own path
and so I don't want to sound like my
path is my recommendation my
prescription for everybody but for me
it's been the Psychedelic medicine path
and psychedelic medicine doesn't have to
involve taking anything I think
you mentioned that your partner is a
breath work practitioner breath work at
the highest level is as psychedelic as
anything it's incredibly cathartic and
magical and Visionary even I mean you're
actually there's been some studies
showing that actually in that deep
breathing process you're producing
endogenous levels of DMT DMT which is
called The Spirit Molecule which is also
the active psychedelic compound in
Ayahuasca it's happening when you
breathe
so there's a lot of different psychic
like psychonautic technologies that can
get you there from sensory deprivation
tanks to sweat lodges to lots of things
but I have done
many and if not most of the plant
medicines of the world most and really
experienced a lot of the Great lineages
that have had that wisdom and then also
started to look to see how those
lineages can evolve how we can use this
unique time where we have access to many
different medicines and access to many
different ways of thinking and
psychological Technologies like internal
family systems for example which has
been paired with psychedelic medicine
therapy
so using all of this and create a new
emergent lineage about how to hold these
medicines in a way that is accretive and
actually supportive to our life because
for me that's been the process again
psychonotics the ability to look inside
and see everything as Rumi said you know
we're not a drop in the ocean we're the
ocean in a drop so if you want to
understand anything about the cosmos you
can look out at the cosmos you can look
inside into your inner Cosmos with the k
and that's the way the Greeks spelled it
and and say like okay
like
what's what's really on the inside
what's really on the inside and the
medicines have helped me do that
you'll first experience with plant
medicines was when you were 18 years old
is that correct that's right you went on
a um you call it like a vision is it
like a vision mission I can't remember
the word you used yeah um After High
School yeah that was it a vision mission
yeah it was it's I mean there's a it's a
Vision Quest but there's definitely many
traditional ways to do a vision quest
which involve fasting for four days with
no food no water and that's more of the
Lakota style of a Vision Quest or the
North American First Nations you know
kind of style this was more of a
medicine Vision Quest which is a little
bit different in that I'm still going on
a journey for a vision and going to a
place but the medicine was actually
there instead of the fasting and the
Stillness and the silence and it's not
to say that the medicine is better or
worse it certainly worked out really
well for me but that was the pivotal
moment that changed everything I
actually had a vision of who I actually
was so that first step of four in my
mission was illuminated where I started
to understand the kind of limitlessness
and the undying
source of who I actually really am
I read that in your story but then the
next sort of 10 years of your life
didn't seem to
manifest what I would have assumed a
plant medicine Journey would have
manifested in the sense that you
described that from 20 onwards you were
still relatively sort of Lost in seeking
approval and partying a lot oh yeah
drinking a lot
so there's a
it was interesting because I had
connected to my soul that was all that
is but myself the Aubry still wanted
approval still wanted to be loved still
wanting to make his Mark still wanted to
be big you know so
I was advancing rapidly in the internal
kind of dynamics of understanding who I
was
but externally I was not meeting that
criteria and I couldn't see beyond a
reason you know I there was not a point
where I I thought well maybe I don't
need this actually
and actually even now even after all
this work it's like
I appreciate that I wanted to really go
for it I was audacious and I wanted to
have a big company and I wanted to make
a big Mark I wanted to have resources
because resources are now opening up the
possibility for me to really tell
different stories bring communities
together do the things that I that I
really want to do so I wouldn't have
changed it but there was a focus on me
you know from a kind of egoic identity
construct perspective being
successful
and that was like The Guiding that was
like the guiding principle and I was
failing at it really like I was failing
at it I had a marketing company and I
kept getting fired by my different
clients and even if I did a good job and
I would start I would start things
it's funny actually I smashed my uh for
those looking I smashed my finger and it
was all purple so I painted it uh with
my wife's nail polish which is gray so I
have one painted nail but it's a funny
example because that was one of my
failed businesses I was going to start a
men's nail polish line because I saw
like Chuck Liddell and my friend Roger
Huerta they were painting their nails I
was like yeah men can bait their nails
and I started that it bombed there was
so many failures and I really thought
like
I'm just never gonna succeed I mean I
made I made a decent living you know I
always always found a client or always
found somebody that I that I could get a
paycheck from
but it wasn't happening until it did
until it did until it did
when you think about that moment and the
fact is that aligned to make
it it happened until it did
what were those factors that aligned or
what what was it fate was it luck was it
something that changed within you was it
being more aligned with your own sort of
authentic self
all of the above
looking back I wasn't ready to hold the
bigness yet I had I had to you know kind
of like sometimes if you have a young a
young Stallion and they're bucking
around in their heart you got to run
them a little bit you got to run the
stallion I had to I had to run a little
bit and my partner at the time Caitlin
we were running you know we were
partying a lot we were out I was
standing on the speakers and growling I
was training MMA with the homies I was I
was running you know I was running and I
think I needed to do that and at the
same time I was also exploring exploring
in that path of psychonautics building
experience
and I had this feeling I just had this
feeling when I watched Joe Rogan do
comedy and we're talking 2008 you know
this is not the Joe Rogan of now right
way different thing he was the Fear
Factor guy the U.S just you know the UFC
commentator but the UFC wasn't what it
is now not even close
but I saw him and I was like
I'm that guy's friend I know it like I
know we're friends and I would and I
would meet him after a show or I'd run
into him at a club and I'd be like hey
man but nothing would ever stick of
course because I was a fan and he was
the guy and like that it's very
difficult to bridge that Gap in that
kind of social construct
so he started a podcast
yeah and and I was falling when it was
like oh wow and that was old Joe Rogan
days back with Brian redband
and there was no podcast advertising
then again podcast was in its infancy he
had no podcast advertisers so I had one
of my clients
and I was like look we should advertise
on Joe Rogan's podcast we got to do this
and for those of you who know it was the
client was Fleshlight which is a whole
other story but
I was like Joe we want to advertise on
your podcast
and he's like okay cool and it's like
it's flashlight and then his his
management team is like what the [__]
are you doing Joe you can't you can't
advertise flashlights he's like damn
right I can't I don't want anybody to
take me so seriously that I can't you
know advertise for this thing so which
is a sex toy for anybody that doesn't
yeah it's a sex toy for men
but what I stipulated in that was like
all right yeah we're totally down we'll
be here we'll be your podcast sponsor I
just want to meet you for 30 minutes for
coffee and then we'll we'll close the
deal and that was really honestly the
play it was a it was a strategy now I
was tested I was tested in that moment
because at that point I was friends with
Bodie Miller who is the best skier in
the world arguably
at that point he'd won multiple World
Championships he hadn't won the gold
medal yet which he eventually won in
Vancouver but he was the best skier in
the world and he was going to the
Kentucky Derby and Bodhi going to the
Kentucky Derby is a big deal he gets to
go with all of the you know the big dogs
and it's a huge party and Bodie was at
that point my best friend
and the Kentucky Derby happened to be
exactly at the time where Joe Rogan said
I can meet you 30 minutes for coffee so
I had a choice I could either say yeah
[__] the coffee we'll just advertise
and I'll go to the derby which old me
would have been like Derby Derby let's
go let's party you know the stallion
that wanted to run but there is some
knowledge inside me that no this coffee
with Joe Rogan is important and I'm
gonna skip the whole derby party
and I'm gonna just meet this man for
coffee
and I met him for coffee and the coffee
turned into dinner and then that dinner
turned into a friendship and that turned
into him having me on his podcast and
then a friendship developed and out of
that friendship
developed really I was starting a
supplement company developed on it as we
know it now Joe Rogan as my partner and
then the combination of
again
going back to my parents my stepmother
had a deep knowledge of nutraceuticals
that actually could functionally impact
performance she worked with basketball
teams so she had athletic performance
supplements cognitive performance
supplements and I was used to that
concept so with her help and with all of
the scientific research I could put
together a formula I knew how to Market
because I'd marketed things and then Joe
Rogan was my partner and so we had a way
to get that out we had a way to let
people know
so I raised a hundred and ten thousand
dollars
it got fifty thousand dollars from uh
from a kind of family friend that I'd
worked with and with different clients
and done some public relations work with
and I had Bodhi my friend who so one
gave 50 000 the other gave sixty
thousand that was the start of on it is
that money right there and I basically
blew through and wasted all of that and
then I went to Joe and I said hey man
like what supplement would you like the
most
he's like ah man I'd like a all-natural
nootropic that really worked a nootropic
being a cognitive answer and I was like
you know what Joe I'm gonna make the
best one that's ever been made and he's
like all right man
and I went to work and I did it and I
formulated with all of that help the
supplement that was Alpha Brain and with
Alpha Brain and send it to Joe and Joe
was like man this is amazing it was
actually way too strong at that point it
was like
it's like it was gnarly but Joe's a
beast you know he's like he's a Savage
so at that moment then
we kind of knew we had something so I
dialed down the formula got it right and
when all of that came together and we
launched Alpha Brain it just clicked we
sold out of that product in 12 hours we
had the next batch going and the only
reason I had the money to even buy the
first batch was because there was net 30
credit terms
on my purchase order so actually we
could receive the product and not have
to pay for 30 days so I didn't even have
the money to pay in 30 days unless I
sold it right but we sold it in 12 hours
and then there was another order on the
back of that so I was actually sold
through two orders before I even had to
pay the first purchase order so we grew
on it from literally nothing at that
point other than the resources that we'd
you know applied to having a website and
having a shopping cart Etc
and that was it it was a rocket ship
from there and also you know being on
Joe Rogan's podcast people started to be
aware of my ideas and my philosophies
and these other things that I'd been
developing over all of these years in
between all of the partying that I was
doing and all of the other stuff
and at that moment I started to have a
stage and a platform and started to
build a kingdom
when you say it grew like a rocket ship
to close off that story can you quantify
that in some way for people that are
listening from that first launch moment
to where it ended up getting acquired by
Unilever I believe yeah yeah you say
rocket ship what do you mean
so 2010 on it was founded by me and with
the investment from those two
individuals that I mentioned Bodean
Howard and uh we sold a little bit but
we had a lot of inventory we couldn't
sell it and we were failing it was
another failed business just like my
men's nail polish company was going down
into the dirt and then at that moment
with the Alpha Brain product we put that
on sale and then from there we could
barely keep it in stock we were just
selling through as much as we could have
and then we developed other supplements
that went and we went from I mean we
were Inc 500 fastest growing company
over the next you know four years
because we actually went from you know
zero to I don't know what the first year
was I don't have all the numbers but
imagine like 12 million 24 million 34
you know 35 million 45 million you know
and then we then we kind of leveled out
around 60 million in annual revenue for
a while and then we had some real trials
and tribulations and a lot of deep tests
at that point to get us to the level
where eventually in 2021 we were able to
sell the company to Unilever and have a
huge exit which has now given me you
know an amazing blessing of abundance of
resources and
one of the coolest Parts about that is
so many people in my life you know
talking about Community again so many
people in my life got little pieces of
the company you know like my friend
mccot mccad Brooks who's now an actor on
Law and Order he was he was an actor in
True Blood black back then I was like
yeah man you can have 10 000 shares come
on just talk about this I was giving out
I was giving out Equity like candy I was
like I love you man here's some shares
and then all of a sudden all of those
shares turned into huge amounts of
wealth you know for so many people and
and that was such a beautiful thing not
only for me not only for Joe but for
everybody that that was everybody that
was around me that I was giving a little
piece of this Equity to for on it to
build that energy
everybody everybody won it was like
being on this gigantic hundred person
craps table of everybody you love and
everybody wins and the casino just
empties out the bank and we all go home
and we're like wow we did it and in the
meantime we made great products we
inspired people we got people to you
know our concept was total human
optimization we got people to actually
get back in touch with this idea that
you can be a little bit better tomorrow
than you are today and so every step of
the way it was something beautiful and
then the payoff was beautiful it was
it's just an absolute dream man and
doesn't mean that I didn't live my own
little nightmares of fear and anxiety
and worry and stress and mistakes all
through the process
but looking back now holy [__] what an
unbelievable
I mean I couldn't have designed a
fantasy better
there's going to be
people listening to this who are the
version of you at the start of that
roller coaster yeah
what would you say to those people
because I mean a lot of our listenership
are exactly that person they have an
idea they're pursuing a dream they maybe
for the wrong all the right reasons I
mean who am I to say to Define what
either of those
um are but what would you say to them in
order to prepare them for
that roller coaster
you have to see it you have to see
really see it
like see it with clear eyes not with the
deluded Eyes of Hope and not with the
shrouded eyes of fear but really see
what's possible I think people always
ask me the question like can you believe
what happened with on it and I was like
of course I can believe what happened
with on if I didn't believe that it
could happen it wouldn't have happened
you know it's the funniest thing can you
believe it I was like yeah I can believe
it of course I could believe it if I
didn't believe it it wouldn't have
happened so the first most important
step is you really have to see it and
you have to see it realistically and to
see it realistically you have to look at
how difficult it is out there you know I
mean I I meet so many people like yeah
I'm gonna start this clothing brand I'm
like and I've been you know done a few
things with different clothes and that's
a hard business it's a hard It's a Grind
that's difficult
but you can do it but you have to see it
and you have to see the field correctly
you have to see the competition you have
to see how challenging the market is and
actually see how you're going to elevate
above that and when you can really see
it then you can make it happen but it
depends on how accurate your site is so
you have to see accurately have the
discretion and then once that's there
you have to go all in like push all your
chips in when you see it push all your
chips in focus
and turn all of that energy into a
single point and push forward with
everything you got
okay so see it I a few thoughts spring
to mind when you said talked about
seeing it so the first one is what role
does seeing it because you talked about
the adversity you kind of like glossed
over the adversity of that journey and I
think part of the reason I start this
podcast in the first place was because I
think the adversity matters just as much
as the eventual achievement for sure and
obviously because of the way that the
media works and the way we tell our
stories we focus a bit more on the
achievement but what role does seeing it
play in being able to grace those
hurdles as and when they inevitably come
foreign
well the first one is to see it actually
being successful right and I saw I could
see that vision and even even as it was
happening it was still
you know there was still some part of me
that was like wow it's really actually
coming true because I'd seen it before I
saw the nail polish company successful
too I just didn't see it accurately I
didn't see the market I didn't see the
idea that this was going to be a very
difficult thing to actually convince
people was cool and that people would be
like why buy your nail polish when I
just get any nail polish there I didn't
really see it right and with on it I saw
it right you know and I had the right
people and and with the right team so so
seeing it into success is important and
then what you're going to encounter is a
lot of things that you didn't see and
that's where the adversity comes I
didn't see that coming I didn't see that
coming we had a security breach and on
it you know it was one of the early days
2013 2014 when that was happening to a
lot of different companies I think I
remember Target had a big one and it was
found out and then Target was like oh
yeah yeah this happened and you know
sorry about about that you know people
got access to credit cards that happened
to us
and there was a choice point and it felt
like everything was going to be ruined
because we got hacked somebody got
access to our customer data
we didn't have the right firewalls and
all the right cyber security
I mean I thought we did but we didn't
obviously and
there was a choice point you know nobody
nobody else externally discovered it we
discovered it internally we fixed it and
we could have just kind of crossed our
fingers and hoped that nothing happened
but I made a different choice and in
that choice I just said I got to tell
everybody so I just sent out an email I
was like look y'all I'm so sorry like
this is on us we didn't have the right
security we got hacked and your
information was compromised and we're so
sorry and here's you know a discount
code for any on it products that you
want and like our deepest apologies for
any inconvenience this may have caused
if you have to cancel your card or
whatever I understand and and I just
came out really authentically and
honestly
and that ended up being one of like
these
powerful moments where instead of the
whole customer base turning against our
company being like these losers can't
even secure our credit cards or whatever
they actually trusted and trusted our
company and trusted me more because of
just how authentically I shared about
that story
so that's one version of adversity that
comes from those things that those
monsters that come from the grass that
were slithering around or hiding in the
in the tall grass that you don't see and
then all of a sudden you have to
confront them and it's going to be about
how you deal with those things that you
didn't see and are you Guided by that
again that superstructure that I talked
about those principles of if you or me
living a different life what would I
want me to receive I would want honesty
just somebody to be honest and be like
yeah we [__] up and we're sorry
and and this is the best we can do
you know and and that was that was kind
of the guiding principle is
I was bound by this value structure
and the value structure was the kind of
The Guiding Light through all of it and
it it worked
when you said about seeing it one of the
things that came to mind as well was
when you can see the competitive
landscape often that's incredibly
intimidating there's you know
entrepreneurs often talk about how being
a little bit delusional and naive is
actually a driving force and were they
to know how difficult it actually was
like where entrepreneurs
to to have seen your hardest darkest
days they might not have bothered so my
second question here is about seeing it
is what would you say to an entrepreneur
that's starting a business maybe in the
same you know in the same field as on it
was that's looking out and thinking oh
my God but there's already loads of
competitors and Aubry did this and Joe
did that like I've got this idea but
there's so many competitors I just won't
bother because I'm sure when you started
there was a big competitive landscape
sure
it gets more and more difficult
you know all the time and it's about can
you get the bright pieces of the puzzle
together the right product the right
energy behind it the right ethos the
right experience something that's
actually better than the field I mean
when you're talking about this landscape
you're talking about one of the beauties
of this capitalist model is you're open
to radical competition and that's what
drives the evolution so you have to know
that you're a little bit better you're a
little bit better than everybody else
and if you're able to show that in all
of the ways that you're a little bit
better you'll be able to make it through
and yes you're still going to receive
immense challenges you know there's
going to be times that security breach
was just one of many we had another
moment where we made a huge mistake we
thought we were getting an investment we
distributed all of our cash we had zero
money in the bank the investment didn't
happen and then so we had all of these
accounts payable no money in in the bank
and we called it cash Apocalypse at that
point our CFO just looked at us said
we're we're bankrupt in 30 days I'm
leaving what walked out of the room
walked out of the room I was like all
right and then our CEO who ended up
becoming the CEO when I stepped down in
2020 right before like a year before the
sale
uh he guided us through and we made it
and we we made it because of the
relationships that we'd you know held
with honesty and with with good faith
with everybody we weren't we weren't
playing games with anybody so they
trusted us we were like Hey we're in a
really tight spot but if you if you
trust us and you allow us to pay late
you extend our terms from net 30 net to
net 60 to net ninety maybe net 120 you
know like we're going to pay you in four
months for the products that you're
delivering
and they believed in us they backed us
and and that was what it got us through
that moment so that CFA that walked down
yeah he made a big mistake he made a big
mistake he had also he had you know he
had an equity position he had options
that he that he you know
forfeited whoops
whoops you know our current CEO our
current CEO I mean not current CEO the
CEO that emerged Jason Havey he he
couldn't he's such a sweet such a sweet
guy but he couldn't help but stand uh on
the anniversary of that day where where
the CFO walked out
and and just told us straight up that we
were we were going to be out of business
for the next couple years on that
anniversary we'd be like hey how's it
going we're still here
next
oh wow
wow I mean some people that's that's
natural selection of life there's some
people in the hardest times they bail
right right that
therefore they aren't
deserving of those kind of good good
moments exactly per se
you left in 2020
I don't see a huge desire from you from
looking at what you're doing now to get
in get back in bed in that same kind of
industry
doing the same kind of thing is that
accurate and if so why
the my desire to be a CEO
is not really there my desire to be this
kind of visionary founder is there so
you imagine someone like Richard Branson
in a certain he's really not actually
running any of the companies that he's
running running owning
he's just kind of guiding them and I am
very interested in continuing to guide
different projects and different brands
but I want really competent operators to
really start to navigate now I may end
up actually working with the CEO that
Jason Havey was with on it for 10 years
he transitioned out so he's now no
longer there and so we make team back up
get the Avengers back together and put
you know a few other brands back on the
table and the reason for that is because
they're great products again that are
doing really important things like I
want to do important things and the
resources that that will allow us to you
know kind of accumulate can then be
applied to really great projects that
can benefit again parallel bien de Toros
for the good of all so yeah I mean I'm
still I'm still in the game but I'm just
doing it at a different level I'm not
going to be the guy who's pouring over
the P L's who's chasing down purchase
orders but I am the guy who can go out
and meet the key allies put the pieces
of the puzzle together share the voice
and the kind of idea of why these
products are important and and so that's
going to be there's going to be another
kind of reload and birth of a new kind
of wave of things
that'll come out and and
there's also but there's so many other
things now I'm going in many different
directions of course there's the podcast
there's the book that I'm working on and
other books that are planned after that
there's media and documentaries that I'm
making and there's stories I want to
tell and there's a lot of different
things that I'm doing but I'm just at a
level and a purview where I have a lot
of competent operators that are helping
execute on all of these different
Visions ladies and gentlemen I am so
delighted to finally be able to announce
that one of my all-time favorite Brands
and now sponsoring this podcast and that
is whoop all of you know that I've been
on a bit of a journey in terms of health
performance cognitive performance sleep
and all those kinds of things that's
kind of been reflected in the guests
we've had on this podcast and woof has
been a huge part of my life for many
many many years that's part of the
reason I also had the founder come on
the podcast after having will on the
podcast I love the brand even more
hearing about his vision his passion for
the project where it came from his own
Obsession was solving a problem which
turned into the product that is whoop
whoop is a wearable health and fitness
coach that provides you with the
feedback and real actionable insights
into sleep into recovery into how you're
training into your stress levels and
your overall health and for me it's
empowered me to be the best version of
myself across all of those aspects of my
life the woop team have very kindly
offered to give all of you a free month
so just head to join.woop.com CEO to
claim your device and your first free
month on us you know I never really
usually pick the chocolate flavored
heels my favorite are the banana flavor
I love The Salted Caramel flavor but
recently I think I in part blame Jack in
my team who's obsessed with the
chocolate flavor heals I've started
drinking the chocolate flavor heels for
the first time and I absolutely love
them my life means that I sometimes
disregard my diet and it's funny that's
part of the reason why I've had a lot of
guests on this podcast recently that
talk about diet and health and those
kinds of things because I am trying to
make an active effort to be more healthy
to lose a little bit of weight as well
but to be more healthy and the role that
heal plays in my life is it mean means
that in those moments where sometimes I
might reach for
you know junk Foods
having an option that is nutritionally
complete that is high in fiber that is
incredibly high in protein that has all
the vitamins and minerals that my body
needs within Arm's Reach that I can
consume on the go is where he always
been a game changer for me love let's
talk about love then I often wonder you
know we we learn our models of love and
relationships very early and I've talked
a lot about
um how I learned my model of Love The
Good the Bad the Ugly of it and how I
was very much an avoidant in terms of my
attachment style I would run from
everyone that had any interest in me I'd
pursue someone and then when they showed
interest in me I'd run and I was like
mimicking some like deep model that I
learned that relationships mean you're
in prison basically like the narrative
I'd learned because my father I was I
think subconsciously convinced he was in
prison
in his relationship so
um it took me a lot of awareness and
unpacking to like realize that to the
point where as I sit here today I'm in a
great relationship obviously it has all
of the same you know
natural imperfections any relationship
but one that I think is the most special
thing I've ever experienced in my life
what's your journey been like with love
you have a unique point to your story
which you know I'm going to talk about
yeah because I know a lot of people ask
you about it which is
I don't even know what the correct term
is polyamory polyamory I always say
polygamy I don't know why I say that
well that would be multiple wives okay
polyamory is multiple loves
so yeah my journey with love was was
interesting because you know again I had
my first major partnership was with who
someone who's now my best friend and
also the best man quote of my of my
wedding with my wife is was my former
fiancee Caitlyn and we had a
relationship where
she it was not it was not polyamory but
however we could bring other female
lovers into into our equation right into
our female love is right so other girls
could we could have sexual experiences
with other women
and so that gave me kind of this release
valve to my desires because
I simply again I was bound by these kind
of feelings of value and this feeling of
anybody who I'm with is me living a
different life so I can't cheat you know
there there was one moment well I did I
did actually cheat one time in my life
and it was so miserable the feeling that
I felt when I cheated on my partner like
that one time I was like I just cannot
do this and I see and again no judgment
you know but I see so many successful
and powerful men who are unfaithful to
their partners and to me that's like
going and skirting around the problem
and just creating a whole bunch more
problems and it's also it's it's
actually legitimately unethical right
like you're you're manipulating somebody
you're lying to them you're not telling
the truth and so after that one
experience of feeling how just awful I
felt when I actually cheated on a story
I was in Moscow blah blah it doesn't
[__] matter like fundamentally I was
like this I will not do this like this
cannot be the way and so you in that
relationship the ability for us to have
other lovers that were female then
it kind of satisfied that desire
although the problem was is that I was
still always kind of searching for that
and it was it wasn't quite right at that
point for me at that stage of my young
stallion life right wasn't quite right
but it was beautiful we had a beautiful
relationship and I love Caitlin I love
that relationship so much
But ultimately
I was you know that wasn't working out
she didn't feel like she was going to be
the queen that was going to help me
build my Empire you know she's a wild
and magical woman but she wasn't kind of
that Warrior Queen focused energy that I
was really looking for and then Whitney
came along who's my next most
significant partner and I saw that in
her and I was like aha I think this is
the one that can be with me be by my
side as I build on it to what it's going
to become and I step forward in the
world she's got the she's got the right
stuff for that so we started a
relationship just purely monogamous no
other partners nothing else that lasted
about 18 months and I still felt this
strong desire to be with other women to
experience the goddess
in many different faces and I've never
been any been the type that just wants
to have sex with somebody because that
makes me feel good about myself no I I
legitimately love women like I love them
I'm like it's the greatest Delight for
me to be with a woman you know and so I
had that natural desire I wasn't willing
to be
Unfaithful and cheat
so I went to Whitney and I said hey
I have this idea
what about I still want to be with you
but
I think I need to be polyamorous and I
know that for this to be fair
that means that you get to see anybody
you want to so if I get to do it you get
to do it unlike you know in the former
relationship with Caitlin I would have
been so jealous and be like no man ever
never under any circumstances I'm the
lion you know like I had these old old
other kind of constructs and ideas
thanks to you know it was really the
book sex at dawn by by Chris Ryan then
actually opened my mind to this idea
that there is a different concept that
different tribes have utilized
throughout throughout history where we
didn't have this possessive kind of
jealous
idea about what it means to have a
partner that we were open to having
you know having your partner have
multiple loves and I understood
philosophically that our love is like
the sun like it's shining on all of
these different places and to have
somebody be like your sunlight you're
you're erotic sunlight can only shine on
me I was like this is absurd doesn't
make any sense to me so philosophically
it didn't make sense and I had my own
desires so I said all right let's be
polyamorous
and I thought
that I would be okay with Whitney seeing
other people I thought I was gonna I
thought I was gonna Breeze through
because I had a girlfriend first so
Whitney after a period of three months
she first she was like you know you're
out of your mind go [__] yourself I'm
out I was like that that sucks but I
understand your decision I'm not going
to change my decision it's it's the way
forward
a few months later she came back she's
like all right let's try this
and I was already involved with somebody
else so I had a girlfriend and then
Whitney was still my primary partner so
that was the constellation primary
partner is Whitney she lived with me and
then girlfriend who I would go meet at a
different meet at her house or meet at a
different place and then have my own
experiences with that partner
and then when Whitney you know I and I
really didn't have the understanding of
how hard this would be on the other side
I thought like yeah it'll be easy like I
philosophically understood it then
Whitney
got her first partner
and I cannot describe to you the feeling
that I felt when Whitney had her first
lover it was it broke me it absolutely
broke me even though I had agreed to it
even though I'd acted on it on my end
when she was with somebody else I felt
like I was gonna vomit cry I wanted to
punch a wall I wanted to just I couldn't
I couldn't even handle it and I also
felt so ashamed
for the fact that I had no like very
little compassion for her having gone
through this because I hadn't gone
through it yet
and it was a really challenging kind of
moment and of course what did I do you
know whoever her partner was I tried to
like be better than them at whatever
they were good at and at one point you
know Whitney was with a professional
fighter and I was like I'll be a good
fighter and I was like how stupid like
she doesn't love me because I'm a
fighter she loves me because I'm me and
that was one of the really powerful
lessons that polyamory taught me is you
can't try to compete in somebody else's
strength you just have to compete to be
the best version of you and every time I
would try to be like somebody else I
would become less attractive in her eyes
and and that's that was really a deep
lesson but for eight years we did the
polyamory thing you know we had our
moments where we were off and on and
we'd have little breakups and little
issues that would come up
but we both were free to see who we
wanted to see and be with whoever we
wanted to be with with the understanding
that we were primary partners
this had so many challenges and moments
where every different boundary that we
thought we had well all right you can be
with them but you can't be in love with
them whoops I fell in love with somebody
and then whoops Whitney fell in love
with somebody and so that didn't work so
we're like okay I guess we're able to
really be in love with somebody but then
if you're in love with somebody then you
want to spend you know and that energy
is so strong that the technical term is
limerence it's that new relationship
energy where you're just intoxicated
with somebody
well you want to be with them more and
then the primary partnership doesn't
make any sense because you the person
can feel that you'd rather be with
somebody else and it was just it was
very very challenging and also very very
beautiful you know the the paramours
that I had and Paramore is the term for
the the other partners you have outside
of your primary partner
I had unbelievably beautiful
relationships with them and magical
amazing moments and magical moments with
Whitney you know there was so much
energy and passion and drama in that in
that period
but it was honest you know the thing
about it was is that it was honest we
told each other everything you know
everything that happened we told each
other the truth there was little pockets
of withholding where we didn't Express
exactly how we felt and but every little
minute dishonesty would get exacerbated
into a massive massive issue because
there's so much pressure in the system
because of the natural emotions of
jealousy and and you know worrying about
whether our my partner really loved me
the most
and and that was
a really beautiful and and deeply
challenging experience and finally you
know at the end I I kind of
I kind of was like
I can do this but I I didn't Master it
it was always it was it always got the
best of me I was never really fully ever
okay
with her seeing other people I was okay
with me seeing other people and loving
her but I could never quite do it I
wasn't up to the task and that doesn't
mean that somebody else can't be I just
I gave it my best and with all my tools
all my Consciousness all of my love
I couldn't do it and so with that
knowledge then you know
I met of course I met by Lana and
vinelana like you know immediately I'd
been in love with her for a little while
and and we could tell that story if we
like but I'd been through the polyamory
Journey so when I met Milan I was like
I'm not doing that again you know I'm
not doing that again do you know anybody
that's made that work
oh
for a time and and the thing is is I
think it's a it's a journey of growth
and it's a journey of transformation and
evolution
when things are stagnant or stuck it may
be an opportunity to get things moving
I think I would rather have the the ups
and downs the brisk win the floating
into the into the Twilight sunsets of
just glorious beautiful experiences and
then the card crashes into the rocky
Crags where it's all blood and broken
glass everywhere you know metaphorically
of course
I kind of my poet's heart kind of likes
that more than just kind of steady bored
diminishment of Life Force there's no
energy there's no charge there
that never that doesn't really appeal to
me so polyamory is one of the ways that
you can really drive a lot of energy and
a lot of growth and a lot of
introspection and a lot of a lot of
evolution of your own character through
that process so
has anybody made it work long term
[Music]
it's rare and I don't think I have a
good model for it because I think part
of the problem is is that the the
culture doesn't really support that yet
and I don't think our Consciousness has
evolved to a level where we can handle
it we don't have models for it we have
models of jealousy it's in all of our
songs it's in all of our it's it's
everywhere it's like we're flying again
we're going Upstream against a cultural
Zeitgeist so if culture changes if
Society changes I think that will become
more possible
it's of course some people are doing it
and they're making it work
I haven't seen it personally really work
on like a long-term level but I think
it's just because the culture hasn't
blossomed for that to really be possible
I've often pundit if there's some kind
of like evolutionary darwinistic reason
why it doesn't work and it would make
sense from a darwinistic perspective
that I want my seed to pass on and I
want I want my genes to survive so if I
if there's another man with my partner
for example then
that's going to
evolve me out of the gene pool so
there's got to be some kind of you know
one would assume there's some kind of
inbuilt innate mechanism called jealousy
to prevent that happening
yeah and there's also the genetic
impulse to actually I mean again we're
we're having sex but the impulse is to
impulses to reproduce right like that's
where it's coming from so yes there's
somebody actually sleeping with your
partner but you're sleeping with many
other people too so you're still
genetically you know giving the
opportunity to actually fertilize you
know many different people so there's a
there is genetic support I think from
like an evolutionary biology perspective
to this concept right
but really to make it work we got to go
back to that level two that we talked
about earlier which is community which
is tribe because if it's for the good of
the tribe then it doesn't matter if it's
your genetic you know your genetic DNA
it's like will this be the best will
this be the best situation for the tribe
and if the tribe is in love the tribe is
thriving the tribe has energy the tribe
has that life force that then that's
accretive to the overall mission but
without that kind of tribe level
understanding
and perhaps even that humankind level
understanding you can't actually I don't
think you can make it work
I was reflecting as you're saying that
about the tribe on various cult
documentaries I've watched where there's
still jealousy you know
um even though they're a unit they're
one big family of course you still see
that jealousy throughout yeah
I think that jealousy is less like about
a evolutionary biology and more about
the ego the ego knows itself in relative
position it's a construct that we create
to help navigate our life and our in our
body and our soul and so it's this idea
it's a story about who we are and that
story about who we are we only know how
good we are compared to somebody else
it's like are you a good ping-pong
player well
that depends who am I playing you know
like if I'm out with my mates yeah I'm a
[__] good ping pong player if I'm
going to a tournament I'm the worst so
you know yourself in relative position
to to the context and that's the problem
in this kind of polyamorous Dynamic
there's always this thing of this
person's getting loved more or there's
more attention here or you're comparing
all of these different aspects and
attributes and so until you can actually
observe that ego identity construct from
uh from a witness perspective
then
you really can't escape the trappings of
comparing yourself and comparing your
situation to somebody else's situation
fine Lana oh yeah violana violana
your face lights up when you say her
name yeah
why is that what does she mean to you
I didn't know that I could love somebody
like this
I didn't I didn't think it was really
possible I thought it would
I thought it would be like a
I thought that'd always be kind of like
yeah this is good enough this will work
you know like we'll make this work and
we'll find the situation that'll make it
work but
with philana it's like no no like
I love you so much
I wouldn't change a thing about you like
and it's just it's this crazy thing that
sounds like it sounds unbelie it doesn't
sound like it's believable it doesn't
even sound credible and I don't even
know if it's reproducible I can't say
that everybody out there you got your
vylana I wish I could go with a straight
face and say like there's your violana
out there and for vilanas out there
there's your Aubry out there and I know
it I don't know I think maybe I'm really
lucky I don't know
but it's like we met you know and I
could feel it and I could feel it and
she couldn't see it for a long time but
I could always see it I didn't know but
I could see this possibility and when we
got together I mean I had bought the I
bought the wedding ring before we
actually even had sex
you know I mean if you follow the story
closely there was uh there was a kind of
experience at Burning Man Etc and but
really but really though like I just I
just knew I could feel it and I knew it
and I knew she was I knew she was
my queen I just knew it and she is in
every way she's the perfect compliment
to me
and it's not that you know the Jerry
Maguire's you complete me no we're too
complete beings of different skills
attributes polarities energies
emotionalities sexualities but we merge
together and together we're just so much
more and life is so much more beautiful
uh
it's uh it's a dream man it's a dream
and it's there's no there's no
compromise
there's no compromise at all and and
that's what all you know you go to a
wedding and you know all the old-timers
will be like yeah you gotta learn to
compromise and you're gonna have to pick
your battles and blah blah it's like no
no what about no what about no what
about just it's [__] incredible and
you're in it together and I think one of
the reasons why we're able to be that
is because we're willing to go into the
deep together if there's something
that's that's that we can't resolve then
we have tools and again the plant
medicine Journey like we'll go deep
we'll go you know multiple times we've
drank Ayahuasca together and big things
that were Brewing come to the surface
and erupt you know like a giant
volcano and then we have to sort out all
the magma and all the pieces that'll
come up but we'll keep going back in
going into the deep not looking away
from everything and with that attitude
we're just cleaning cleaning the
cleaning the connection and the intimacy
between us all the time
when you look back in hindsight because
I'm thinking for myself but I'm also
thinking for the person that's listening
to this
timing plays a role and when I say
timing I actually mean the timing of
your growth Journey kind of Crossing
theirs yeah so like had you met while on
10 years earlier yep one would assume
Maybe
yeah no it wouldn't have worked what was
when you reflect in hindsight what was
the work that you kind of needed to do
to be ready to receive a violana
well the stallion had to run
the stallion had to run step one I
needed to run I needed to be I needed to
experience myself and have myself
reflected in the hearts of other people
who I really loved and I think people
think of the stallion running you think
of just having a bunch of one-night
stands and
who [__] cares well like what like
you really care that much about that
particular type of pleasure you get in
your genitals no you're caring about it
because it's your ego because somehow
that makes you like collecting trophies
that's all [__] but what I really
what I needed was to see myself
reflected in other people and to know
like what my impact could be on
someone's heart and what their impact
could be on my heart you know and that's
why I I have so much love for all of my
paramours and for Whitney for allowing
that Journey particularly in that period
you know Stephanie and Savannah and
Lorena all of the different people that
I was with and and all of the other
names that are not mentioned in that
you're in there too right
because there was moments that elicited
some aspect of me some quality that came
online came alive and and I was able to
help something come alive in them it was
so beautiful and I think
that at that chapter of my life needed
to happen it needed to happen so I could
say I've done this I've seen myself
reflected in all of these different
Partnerships and now I'm ready to devote
that energy
to you phylana because I've really I've
felt what this is really like so that's
I think step one of you know a mini step
Journey
is there is there a piece of work as
well around I guess that's maybe
adjacent or attached to what you've just
said but learning how to
control one's emotions you talked
earlier on about anger and snapping and
the thing in relationships is if you
haven't got
control of that the relationship's not
going to last especially in you know I
think of myself you know you know the
ego I had within my younger years and I
still have an eager now of course I'm
not gonna pretend I don't but I would I
was a I was the type of person that
would just get up and go so if there was
any conflict again going back to what I
said about my father feeling like he was
in prison I would be out of there and
that was my response to conflict it was
just let's get up and go so was there a
piece of work that had to be done to
learn how to become a master of like or
to get better at conflict resolution
from an emotional standpoint
the emotions will come like a wave and
the Buddhists they call that the moment
of trigger where you get hooked they
call it shempa and then this desire to
actually take that energy and then you
know flood it onto another person
and
it's very difficult it's very difficult
to stop that from happening and so but
you can with awareness you can feel it
coming and then you can start to develop
your you know the right react the
processes and practices about what to do
my I have two really dear friends uh
Christine Hassler and Stefano sofondos
and they just let a workshop at our fit
for Service Summit and they talked about
one of their conflict resolution
techniques because he had that type of
anger that would come up and that would
be and she would then withdraw and get
small and they had this dynamic
what they developed was he actually goes
into the plow stretch position where he
puts his legs over his head when he's in
that when he's in that angry State and
they actually once soon as he gets angry
that's their agreement that he's going
to go into that position and if he's
going to yell at her he's going to have
to yell at her from between his own legs
through his own ass basically you know
so like they develop this method that
they'd literally use and there's some of
the most conscious people they're you
know there but they have us they have a
strategy they have a practice and so
vilana and I have developed our own
practices but I would say the most
important thing beyond the practices
that you can do like that
some of the practices we have is like
there's you know we can say like a magic
word that'll be like all right when you
say this word this level of conversation
is like is the pure level like we can't
we can't [__] around anymore like this
word now now we enter a new parlay it's
like the Pirates when they're all
shooting each other they're like parlay
and then they go and they're like all
right let's talk this out a little bit
okay so you're like stepping outside
right so we'll have like we'll have a
construct we'll be like basically called
parlay and then we'll be able to
negotiate so we have some moves like
that we can make we have for smaller
things we have this this construct we
call Bedrock where anytime we're in like
the deepest state of Love we'll be like
this is the Bedrock this is where we'll
always return to this is the nature of
our love and so either one of us can go
bedrock and we go in and no matter if we
don't want to if even if every part of
us is fighting we go feel the truth of
how much we love each other so those are
some of my and I don't go into plow
position but those are some of our own
strategies but the most important thing
of all of the things is full radical
ownership of every aspect in which you
may have overstepped where you may have
made an assumption where you may have
made a projection to really be
completely honest with your own
culpability in the situation because
without that step there's going to be a
kind of accumulating resentment
and that accumulating resentment for
that ownership which was not taken will
then become the monster that eats love
so you know valana and I we've had a
couple fights that lasted you know
a day two days because we weren't able
to get to the point of radical ownership
we were still kind of pointing a finger
and not able to meet in the middle of
like actually owning and it's not always
the middle sometimes it's 90 10 and
sometimes like I'm I'm sticking at 10
it's like hold there's like you want to
take more you're like no hold I'm
holding a 10. like that's all I can take
you got to come 90. otherwise like this
is an impasse and and I and I will I
can't I can't move forward if there's
fragments of that resentment that are
there so we just keep talking keep
figuring it out until we actually get to
the truth
and the Beautiful part about that is
there's no fragments of resentment
there's no marbles that are being added
to the marble mountain of resentment
that's going to ultimately destroy our
love
there's nothing there because we've
taken ownership for it we've apologized
for everything we need to apologize for
and then we've evolved in our own
understanding and taken the onus and the
sovereignty and the responsibility to
learn and to be better the next time
have you heard of professor John gottman
his study about couples and they found
that in his
his study of why couples end up in
divorce it wasn't arguing or anything
else it was a buildup of contempt which
is exactly what you've described there
as the monster that eats love so he said
they could be laughing in the studies
they could be arguing in the studies it
didn't matter it was any sign of
contempt which is basically he defined
as like unaddressed issues building up
so when you're the example I gave on
stage when I did the diversity alive
tour was your partner going babe come
look at this and you go that yeah that's
five years of
being sick of that [__] not talking
about it in unaddressed [__] just in
that little micro expression that's like
an unaddressed recurring conversation of
you being sick of you know whatever so I
think that's um I really essential idea
to what you're saying there this idea of
constant work and constant communication
and constant conflict resolution can you
imagine the world
if if all couples could replicate that
yeah like when you say it it sounds easy
but there's an an everyday battle
underneath that and I know because my
partner sat over there and we do this we
we have the same everyday battle because
some days I don't want to talk yeah and
some days I think you're wrong and you
think I'm wrong and
some days my ego gets in the way and
some days the thoughts come in just do
this leave run away you know whatever
and being able to continually confront
that I think is an very very difficult
challenge
now I've only seen in a you know I I'm
talking here about men in particular
I've only seen it in a couple of men
you know yeah the the advantage that I
have again is and this is my path and
I'm not saying that this is the formula
but the plants keep me honest
you try to you try to you know carry
your [__] story of it's all their
fault and you're a victim and then go
drink a couple cups available
Ayahuasca and see if Ayahuasca agrees
with you you know like it like it's uh
there's a I'm I'm held accountable to
the truth and it's not just the medicine
now the medicine lives in me right I've
consumed it and that Consciousness is
within me so I can't allow anything that
that I that I need to take ownership for
to exist and and then sometimes that'll
come up in the past I mean I think as my
Consciousness evolves different levels
of
I'm sorry are elicited from me I mean I
think over the past three years you know
being with philana and having separated
from Whitney there was probably a dozen
or two dozen times where there was a new
I'm sorry that came out because I
actually could see it from a different
level of Consciousness now and
I mean she's like all right man like we
split up like you know like I think she
appreciated it and I think she's still
working through her own you know with
her own process with that and it's our
own process of of feeling any grievances
we've had and but you know I just try to
do my best to own to own my fault and
mistakes in it and
um and that's an evolving process but I
am held accountable to this idea of no
no I like I have to I have to be honest
and I have to be real and I have to own
it and it doesn't make me less than to
admit any of these things it that's
that's the way that actually makes you
more than to be able to be that and
sometimes just that have the humility to
be like yeah I was an idiot or I was I
made a mistake or all of these things
and not and then not pile on a bunch of
shame on yourself either to just know
that you're in an evolutionary process
and through that evolutionary process
when you evolve you're going to be able
to look back at your old self and be
like damn you could have been a lot
better
it's amazing how there's almost this
mental conversation I have sometimes
when I'm when I
when I'm in that state of conflict with
my partner and my ego's there and my
ego's saying oh you're right
and then the other voice somehow wins
out and says he [__] up you know you
reacted badly there you should just go
and apologize and I did this the other
day with her where we had a bit of a
disagreement about something
and you know a couple of hours passes
maybe 12 hours or something passes I
realize I [__] up
I picked myself up
and I walk over to her and I just said
you know from yesterday I just want to
say I'm really sorry because in
reflection my reaction was not good
there and it didn't make sense and I
realized it hurt you etc etc and I'm
really sorry about that I wish I'd
reacted differently in hindsight and
upon looking at my behavior I realized
why I reacted in that way and like it's
not good enough
the minute the words came out of my
mouth
it was like a weight I just lifted yeah
it was like my ego had been fired I felt
great yeah the pressure I had on me up
until that point just evaporated and
it's funny that I don't
I don't get there quicker I'm getting I
think I'm getting there quicker though
if I zoom out on myself I go okay look
at yourself over the last 10 years give
yourself some credit
but um yeah it's great it's it's all the
work you've done do you still struggle
with these things
yes but they get smaller and smaller so
at like you're talking about like the
the time it takes you to go over there
so
maybe there was a time in your life
where it wouldn't have been 12 hours
maybe it would have been 12 days maybe
it had been 12 months maybe actually
never yeah you know right but now the
time is shortening now you're in hours
yeah then eventually you're gonna get
into minutes and then from minutes
you're gonna get almost to real time
almost to revealed and then maybe one
point you'll touch real time where
you're really actually seeing I don't
know I'm I'm not in real time you know
but I'm definitely in the minutes
category you know I mean I remember the
last little Conflict by Lana and I had
actually involved this painted
fingernail I'll tell I'll tell this
story so uh I was really we're in Miami
I'm really hot we have these big kind of
wooden backed uh lounge chairs and I'm
ready to go upstairs and I'm like babe
I'm super hot I'm like thirsty I'm ready
to go up she's like
uh you sure you don't want to tan your
back a little bit and I'm like am I back
are you trying to say my tan is uneven
is like that bother you and as I went to
this whole thing and I was like
all right fine I'll tan my back for you
I guess if that's important to you
well so that's what was going through my
head so I flipped the latch on the thing
so I could lay flat down because I was
laying with my back up the thing comes
and smashes my finger just like smashes
like crushes my fingernail right between
the way that the back of the chair was
falling and it's just searing pain and
I'm like get up and I want to like
scream and hit something because it
hurts so bad and I couldn't disambiguate
the feeling of pain with my frustration
that she was the one who wanted me to
stay there and if she didn't want me to
stay there I wouldn't have smashed my
[__] finger and so and then I'm like
in there and I'm like kind of fuming and
she's like are you mad at me I'm like no
I'm not mad at you because I knew
logically that I wasn't mad at her right
but like my whole energy was like yeah
I'm [__] mad at you when I was like
why did you ask me to tan my back
she was like oh actually I just wanted
to stay you know it took her a moment
but eventually it was like actually she
just wanted to stay herself and that
came out of her mouth in that way and
then I took it as like some kind of [__]
critique of my tan gradient you know and
uh and ultimately but we got in this
little conflict in in the conflict
escalated because we're in the in the
heat of this kind of emotion
and she kind of she kind of walked she
was like I'm going to the gym I was like
all right and
like I took like
three you know three minutes four
minutes
I don't know maybe five minutes whatever
and then I just sent her a long text and
I went through every different situation
every different aspect of it from the
first moment acknowledging I wasn't able
to disambiguate the pain from my anger
to her that I misunderstood what she was
saying about my back and that was
actually just her way of saying I want
to stay longer and I projected that she
was critiquing me but that wasn't
actually the case and I didn't you know
like all of this thing and then then I
responded poorly in this comment and
this and then I said however how you
responded here here here here you know
does not feel in alignment with ethos of
our relationship so it's like this whole
bullet pointed long long message and I
sent that to her and I was like all
right that's the truth of it and then
she receives that she comes back and
she's like all right you know like I
acknowledge these different things you
know and now here's how we can get
better from this and then pretty soon
you know within about 15 minutes after
that we were just we looked at each
other and I was like we're kind of
dramatic aren't we and we just started
laughing and it was over you know and so
that process just gets quicker and
quicker and quicker and quicker and
that's the that's the that's the way of
it is just to shorten the amount of time
that you stay out of consciousness
all of that requires a level of
vulnerability that a lot of people
um still find very uncomfortable
especially men in my in my um
in my experience we um we actually made
something
to help our listeners cool become a
little bit more vulnerable and these are
these question cards they're actually
taken from this diary so every time we
have a guest here they write a question
for the next guest there's been one left
for you in there as well so we took all
of the questions as you can see here
cool we put them on these playing cards
so people can play at home there's about
70 of them I've just selected a bunch of
random ones for you here and I'm gonna
just lay them out in front of you and if
you could just pick one all right and
then answer the question whichever one
you feel called to
this is like an oracle deck yeah on the
back it has a QR code where you can see
you can scan it to see the person that
answered the question as well
here we go
is there something right now that you
know you're doing wrong but you haven't
fixed yet
if so how will you get unstuck
um
well I don't like the word wrong because
the way that I look at my trajectory is
the trajectory of evolution
so if I'm doing it it must mean that I
needed to do that in order to learn how
to evolve from it however I understand
the point of the question outside of the
semantics which are important you know
because I think we can put ourselves in
wrong right good bad in this very
polarized idea so in the evolution of
Aubry where am I still stuck where have
I not actually gotten to the place where
I want to be as who I know I can be
and it's the Reliance on
stimulants to keep me alert
and it's okay that I like my coffee and
I like my nicotine and I like you know
Kratom sometimes or whatever but there's
a kind of Reliance to go up
you know and then there's a Reliance to
go down and I still have you know sleep
medication that I take
and I know it's not good for me like
particularly the sleep medication like
I'm kind of okay with the caffeine and
the nicotine I could probably like maybe
fast from it for a little while
um I don't smoke cigarettes or anything
but whether it's a cigar or whether it's
a you know a nicotine pouch or something
like that
so that one feels like yeah there's a
little cleaning up to do but but it's
not really it's not really like damaging
me in a fundamental way
but the Sleep meds I think are and
they're very sticky because I get in
this Loop where let's take today for
example last night I fly into the hotel
I'm kind of Juiced you know I'm here in
Hollywood there's lots of sounds lots of
noises and I'm in a new hotel It's
pretty dope and I'm just not sleepy you
know watch a cool movie
and
I got a big podcast today and I got some
other stuff I need to do during the day
so
could I have fallen asleep without the
Sleep meds yes eventually I could have
but that would have come at a cost to
this podcast and then that would have
come to cost to the listeners and then
so I get in this trap of well I can't do
it today I got this thing to do so then
I'll reach for the Sleep meds and I'll
take them and I know that those are
deleterious to my health
so I'm kind of stuck in this position
where I'm not giving myself the time
where I don't have any obligations or
any anything that I want to offer the
world where I can really phase out of
all of this
and even when I do because I have phased
out of it for all of my Ayahuasca
Journeys I have to get off everything
and I'm able to do it and I'm like this
time it's going to stick and then I'll
get that one night the night before a
podcast or a night before I have a bunch
of things to do and I just can't sleep
in that old the old sleep mat in the
drawer I'm flush them down the toilet
whatever but then I'll find another one
or whatever I'll figure it out it starts
calling and it's like listen like you
know the solution just pop this bottle
and you'll go to sleep and you'll be
able to do what you need to do tomorrow
and that Voice keeps me stuck I'm like
stuck in this limbo and I can't stay
stuck there forever
so what I need to do so part of that
question is like what do I need to do to
get unstuck
I'm gonna need to give myself the space
to really allow my neurochemistry to
reset
and also probably have to holistically
change my mindset to say
I have to look at the whole Arc of my
life in all of the conversations I have
and everything that I'm going to do as
more important than any individual thing
and say for the whole Arc of my whole
life I have to get my neurochemistry and
everything back in alignment so that I
don't rely on these other chemicals to
help me fall asleep and so it's a it's a
holistic mindset shift and also a period
because it's going to be Rocky in that
period where I just push out all of my
obligations everything that I need to do
and I keep threatening to do it and I
just haven't made the space to do it I
haven't prioritized it enough
but that must happen it must happen and
it's just a matter of me doing it and
and I pray
and I believe and I trust that I'll do
it before the universe makes me do it
by having some accumulation of the you
know negative effects of the medication
I'm taking Etc like they'll if you don't
listen when it's time
you'll have to listen like the universal
make you listen so
I'm going to listen before the universe
makes me listen that key step though of
awareness is you've clearly you're
clearly very aware and that's what you
know when I think about helping my
friends or I look at my friend
situations when they're struggling with
something that first step of really
being aware of it like you even know
that it's a voice that calls you to the
draw
um which means you know from my
observation that
I also
fully feel like you've done much of the
hard work already by just admitting it
to yourself yep you know because this
because of the cognitive dissonance so
many people would justify it away or or
you know make other excuses to make it
okay but you've you've confronted that
yeah
and it's funny because you've confronted
it even in the at the expense of how it
might make you look and you're willing
to say it out loud as well that's
amazing in that story I also sort
through line to what you're doing with
fit for service
for anybody that doesn't isn't aware of
what you're working out with fit for
service what is it and um how can one
get involved and if they are to get
involved what you hope they take from it
it's really the technology of healing
and transforming through Community you
know so that's really what we're doing
is yeah there's a lot of there's
coaching and there's teaching of
different things but we're going through
an initiatory explorative practices now
we don't do psychedelic medicine as far
as the things you take but we do do all
the Psychedelic practices from
you know shamanic breath work which is
incredibly powerful you know many
facilitators deep deep breathing huge
emotional catharsis ecstatic dance you
know Vision quests out on the land or
you know wanders out of the land Vision
quests are again longer sometimes
um you know Temescal inepi sweat lodges
you know by the First Nations people all
of these different initiations and then
communication technology initiations
from circling techniques which teach you
how to communicate with each other to
helping to collectively process
archetypal grief you know masculine
grief and feminine grief and using those
Dynamics to help elicit the strongest
healing but in the process of doing that
altogether deep bonds are formed and we
have a survey that goes out to anybody
who's been to you know at least two of
our events and we say did you meet
somebody in fit for service that you
know will be your friend for the rest of
your life 100 say yes and so we're
building yes there's the greater fit for
service tribe where there's a lot of
it's a beautiful Rich Community but the
bonds that are formed with those people
that maybe you did that one eye gazing
exercise with and you started crying
because you could see yourself and that
other person or you were there with them
in that one breath work that was so
intense and the wind was whipping and
everybody was screaming and there was
three exorcisms happening simultaneously
and it was [__] wild like those
experiences then bring a bond together
and you start to learn that actually
going through these these difficult
things
together
will actually you know form
relationships and help you heal and help
you grow and it's such a beautiful
process to continue to watch this happen
you know with so many different people
from so many different places you know
and
um it's really inspiring to see people
willing to because in some ways as we
were talking about nobody wants to mine
in some ways you do expose yourself to
your own Darkness willingly by going
into a breath work or going into an Iowa
or going into these things but you know
that you're fully supported and it's
with full intention so in that way we
are actually going into the darkness to
to illuminate the light and uh and just
doing that together and it's been
it's been really incredible it doesn't
feel
it doesn't feel at all like like work it
feels like I would do this and and
actually last year we switched to a
donation model because we thought like
this is the way to do it we lost so much
money that we can't do that anymore but
nonetheless like so I basically worked
all last year at a huge financial loss
and and offered all of these different
Summits and Festival all of this stuff
and it was still worth it I wouldn't I
wouldn't have changed it now of course
it's fundamentally unsustainable to do
it that way but nonetheless like
it's what I like it's one of the things
I really love to do and all of our
coaches feel that way and it also draws
in some incredible people
that we get to learn from other Master
coaches and other you know inspiring
medicine people who kind of carry a
transmission that we learn from so it's
it's kind of like a a little moment
where we get to be in our own little
Jedi school and just evolving our our
own internal psychic and an emotional
and a physical technology I watch the um
video on your website fit for
service.com and it looked um I don't
know so sometimes just observing
clip or a trailer can make you feel a
certain sense of warmth and
connectedness and that's what I got I
felt like a big group of friends that
had gone out to like the desert
somewhere and were connecting at a much
deeper level than you ordinarily see in
that kind of like retreat or event or
whatever so I felt really compelled
to be involved I guess so um I think
everybody should go check it out just go
watch the video and go go see see if
it's calling you because I think um
there'll be a lot of people out there
that will realize just from watching
that video that it's right for them yeah
we do have a closing tradition on this
podcast where the last guest asks a
question for the next guest see what has
been left for you
oh okay
oh interesting
I actually don't get to see the question
before we open the book but um this is a
good one who is someone you need to
forgive
and then there's another line which is
who is someone you need to forgive and
have not
which I think guess is the same thing
but
huh
you know forgiveness
is
an interesting thing because it's a it's
a spectrum
there's yeah I forgive you
but do you but do you really though
are you still kind of holding on are you
saying the words and are you there true
forgiveness is the place of love that
sees no
that sees no wrong
right it like it doesn't even actually
register that there was a wrong there
like that's the zero state of absolute
forgiveness
is to get to a place of
what grievance what did you do what
remind me again because I don't see it
because kind of how I told this story
about my dad you know the way he yelled
at me like I've seen so clearly I've
seen so clearly that it gave me a
superpower
that I'm able to be an absolute
forgiveness of that
absolute forgiveness of that
in when I get to that place where I've
seen and would never have traded it for
anything I wouldn't have changed it one
bit
right when I can get to that place where
I wouldn't have changed a thing
that's where real forgiveness is
it's like if they're like I'm sorry I'd
be like for what thank you I mean like I
see how this benefited my life
so that level of forgiveness
it takes the time to get there so there
are actually many places where I am in
The evolutionary process of getting to
that but maybe I don't quite fully
understand
what that has given me
yet
so
somebody's done something and I haven't
quite I haven't quite worked that into
my in the way that I can say like all
right this was for the best
if I had to say I would have to say
the
the governments of the world
right now
I don't think I've fully forgiven them
and the collusion what I've seen between
the collusion between media and politics
and you know
big Pharma and big big war and this
whole construct of Empire
some part of me says like all right the
two like if we take the lord of rings
analogy The Two Towers need to rise so
that the Fellowship of the Ring comes
together and that's what gets the Elves
and the dwarves to get along with the
with the hobbits and the and all and the
Wizards and the humans and everybody
comes together and it's necessary for
the two towers to be to be built and to
try and push their Darkness on the world
so that the fellowship will come
but there's been so much pain and so
much loss and so much unnecessary
suffering and so much unnecessary fear
and
it's hard to get to the point where I
can say like yeah I wouldn't change a
thing with that
because so I guess it's you know
forgiving
Empire and and I use Empire to be that
whole construct of that kind of top-down
manipulative dystopian control that
we've you know everybody has their own
little Oculus to whatever part of that
they see and I'm not trying to push my
own view of that but I think we can all
feel that there's a force out there
that's not in our best interests as
Sovereign beings
have I forgiven that force not quite yet
not quite yet but maybe when the full
Fellowship comes together and we have
all of the out because I start I'm
starting to see that happen like all of
the Allies are forming this lattice work
this network that's now becoming more
available because because of the
pressure of the force of Empire
but until that fully actually
crystallizes it and it works
I don't think I'll be I'm not able to
forgive Empire yet
Aubry thank you um you're the type of
person that I love to speak to because
there's I feel like there's no question
you wouldn't answer and the most
difficult questions but also you take a
pause to answer the questions head on
and um your story of of personal
transformation and transition through
various chapters in your life and ego
death and
all you've been through you speak to it
with such vulnerability and openness and
honesty so anybody that's in a different
phase or chapter of their journey to
where you know you've found yourself
today
I think they have the honest road map on
how to progress forward and that's the
most inspiring powerful thing and you
know it's not often you get to sit with
someone who's had such tremendous
business success that can also Analyze
That from sort of a meta perspective and
it's now doing work that's tremendously
spiritually aligned um with a new
refreshing take on
um what their mission should be and in
your case it's as you've said not just
any more about you it's much more about
um the broader Global community in your
tribe so thank you so much for this
conversation today it's been an honor to
me and spend time with you I feel Freer
I feel inspired I feel I feel more
powerful for it
um and I hope we can have it again once
the
goblins and the Lord of the Rings
let's get all the characters again I've
never seen Lord of the Rings so I guess
it's happening here we are here we go
another ladder another another
connection another node in Ninja's net
was formed sorry Empire it's happening
Aubry thank you you're welcome brother
thank you
[Music]
quick one as you guys know we're lucky
enough to have blue jeans as a sponsor
and supporter of this podcast for anyone
that doesn't know blue jeans is an
online video conferencing tool that
allows you to have slick fast good
quality online meetings without any of
those glitches that you'd normally find
with other meeting online providers you
know the ones I'm talking about and they
have a new feature called Blue Jeans
basic which I wanted to tell you about
blue jeans basic is essentially a free
version of their top quality video
conferencing and that means that you get
immersive video experiences you get that
super high quality super easy and zero
fuss experience and apart from zero time
limits on meetings and calls it also
comes with High Fidelity audio and video
including Dolby voice they also have
expertise grade security so you can
collaborate with confidence it's so
smooth that it's quite literally changed
the game for myself and my team without
compromising quality at all so if you'd
like to check them out search
bluejeans.com and let me know how you
get on DM me tweet me whatever works for
you let me know you find it
[Music]
foreign